Football is to me…
the passion of my life.
Being a team player is…
very important and feels great.
In order to be successful at sports, you have to be…
a team player.
If I hadn’t become a professional football player…
I would have gone to college and still wouldn't know what to do with my life.
My best moment as a Bayern player was…
well…now I’m supposed to say the Champions League final
but the best moments are actually the ones with the teammates during our day to day work.
My saddest moment as a Bayern player was…
okay, yeah that was the Champions League final of 2012.
I would describe my playing style as…
creatively committed.
A trait that would help me improve as a football player…
being able to dribble.
I never give up, because…
I want to win.
My most valued swap jersey belonged to…
Giovane Élber. I got that when I was a ball boy.
My idol is…
my dad. Ha ha. No! You’ll have to scratch that. He’ll get too excited about it.
Interviews are to me…
work and fun. If they’re not too long they’re more fun. If it gets too long, I’ll just break it off.
My favorite song is…
Stern des Südens (the Bayern hymn)
With my first pay-check as a professional player…
I balanced my account.
I live in the countryside because…
the air is amazing there.
I laugh about…
my wife, myself and my team-mates.
Under the shower I sing…
Stern des Südens.
What move would you have liked to be a part of?
Mr. Bean.
When I have a day off, I…
try to relax and have fun with my family and friends.
Who would you like to trade lives with for a day?
Since golfing is one of my big passions, I’d really like to play a professional tournament one day.
But of course I’d also need the other person’s skills. Otherwise it wouldn’t make much sense.
Which question have you been asked most throughout your career?
At what percentage do you see the team at the moment?